Add remediation steps (#599)
MicrosoftDocs/ATADocs: ATPDocs/troubleshooting-known-issues.md

**Resolution:**

Ensure that the Discretionary Access Control List (DACL) includes the following entry (this is the SID of the AATPSensor service).

`(A;;0x1;;;S-1-5-80-818380073-2995186456-1411405591-3990468014-3617507088)`

Check if the DACL for the Security Event Log was configured by a GPO:

`Policies > Administrative Templates > Windows Components > Event Log Service > Security > Configure log access`

> Append the entry above to the existing policy. Run `wevtutil gl security` after to verify that the entry was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append the entry above to the existing policy. Run `C:\Windows\System32\wevtutil.exe gl security` afterwards to verify that the entry was added.
```

> The local MDI logs should now display:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local Defender for Identity logs should now display:
```
